Add basic KSS support (ISVFAMILYID and ISVEXTPRODID) to OE SDK (Replaced by #3700) (#3659)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/GettingStartedDocs/buildandsign.md

  incremented whenever a security fix is made to the enclave code.

Here is the example from helloworld.conf used in the helloworld sample:

> 

Author: Oops. Recovered.

NumStackPages=1024
NumTCS=1
```

> Additionally, for platform that supports for Key sharing and separation (KSS),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for platforms that support Key Sharing and Separation (KSS),
```

Reviewer: How does one know whether KSS is supported?  Maybe add a link to which document says. E.g., is it reported by the oesgx tool?

> the following properties can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following additional properties can be used:
```

Also explain what happens if these are included and then the enclave is run on a non KSS machine.   Will it fail to load?  Will the properties simply be ignored?  I.e., does the developer need to compile the enclave twice, once for KSS and once without, to run on both types of platforms?

 **IsvFamilyID**: ISV assigned product family identity (ISVFAMILYID)
 **IsvExtProductID**: ISV assigned extended product identity (ISVEXTPRODID)
 ```
 The example from kss_valid.conf
 IsvFamilyID=47183823-2574-4bfd-b411-99ed177d3e43
 IsvExtProductID=47183823-2574-4bfd-b411-99ed177d3e43

>  ```

Author: Updated

NumStackPages=1024
NumTCS=1
```
Additionally, a developer can specify additional Key Sharing and Separation (KSS) identity properties
for use on the platforms that support it:
- **FamilyID**: The product family identity (ISVFAMILYID) a developer can specify to group
different enclaves under a common identity. For example, an identifier for the application suite
which includes several enclave apps.
- **ExtendedProductID**: The extended product identity (ISVEXTPRODID) value that a developer
can use as 128-bit globally unique identifier for the enclave where the 16-bit ProductID proves too restrictive.
For example, in kss_valid.conf:
```
FamilyID=47183823-2574-4bfd-b411-99ed177d3e43
ExtendedProductID=47183823-2574-4bfd-b411-99ed177d3e43

> ```

Reviewer 2: The explanation of the updated `OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX` macro (or the suggested additional `OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX_KSS` macro) need to be updated in this doc.

Author: Updated in #3700

Author: Updated in #3700.
